Remove use_scipy argument in rotate functions (#6538)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6538.removal.rst

> :meth:`sunpy.image.transform.affine_transform` and :func:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.rotate` will no longer accept the ``use_scipy`` keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:meth:`sunpy.image.transform.affine_transform` and :func:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.rotate` no longer accepts the ``use_scipy`` keyword.
```
